RedCanary - redcanary-get-detection is causing timeout (#8730)
demisto/content: Packs/RedCanary/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Red Canary

> - Fixed an issue where **redcanary-get-detection** command cause timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **redcanary-get-detection** command caused timeout.
```

> - Fixed an issue where **redcanary-get-detection** command caused timeout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **redcanary-get-detection** command would cause a timeout.
```
